Notes for 2026 collection of bets

All 8 sites will give the time of the contest. 
All but BetMGM give the time the bet was made, 365, betrivvers and DK dont give the conclusion time
So using the event start time as the ref is the only choice

Unfortunately it looks like I'll have to scrape DK from html. I can't see how the data gets back to the client.
Bet365 also has the goofy format for data, so that might have to be scraped also.


directoy structure to use
~/wagers/2026/<book>/files - for new files to process
~/wagers/2026/<book>/processed for files that have been processed

for now write to the wagers_2026 collection in scanner db

Acquiring data
BetMGM:
 log in, go to MyBets on top far right, go to Settled, select the data range. The json comes back as json in 
 betslips calls, each return needs to go into its own file. Urls start with 'betslips'
Caesars
 login, select Settled from the right hand side slip, as you scroll down it'll make calls to get data. Doesn't look 
 to be a way to set a date range, but youc an see what dates are used from the url. Urls start with 'history'
FanDuel
 login, go to My Bets, go to Settled Bets. json comes back with 'fetch-my-bets' urls. Each state will have to be
 pulled separately, so add the state in lower case to the file name (with an underscore at the start)
ESPN:
 login, go to MyBets on the left, go to Settled and selecct all. The urls seem to start with something random
 each time so it has to be figured out. I ended up using Chrome to capture back from 2/14 to jan 1 because all 
 the responses after about 30 days were getting truncated in FF. Worked in chrome, but I used the RemoveRtns class 
 to take out all the spaces since it had it in the expanded format (not on one line)
DraftKings:
 Unfortunately have to go with html. Go to My Bets, select Settled. The tag to look for is sb-lazy-render. Looks
 like 25 are displayed by default. When you scroll down you'll see the lazy-render lose its data and a new one will show up
 NOTE!!!! - you have to expand out the parlays before you capture the hthml, otherwise you don't get the starting times
 for the games!!
BetRivers
 login, mybets, settled. Comes back with url starting with coupons
 
 
 
 